hey this is Nats here and we're at the
greddy performance festival what
quitting normally does is they have a
garage sale usually around once a year
and they blow out all these great
products at discount prices first come
first serve everything must go cash only
this year they started the performance
festival it's going to do everything you
can go ride in cars you can see cars
it's a whole deal we're going to see
what kind of deals we can find and see
if we can get into some of these cars to
drive all right let's go see what's
going on
$100 one ng hahaha I'll take it hold on
how about this one buy this one no thats
like that never gonna see some like you
know what this one might work says sally
but that's okay 12 you haven't got any
money no no it's allie is my sister it's
okay i think i think you could try to be
i know i know it's just it's an
implement this deal but I'm just you
know for me you know I mean I kind of
people know who I am you know like I
think you know yes it would kind of be I
know who you are too and they put a 400
okay okay
you
hello this is Mike Chung with Grady
performance and I just want to thank
everyone who came out to greddy fest
2008 it was a great event for us and
hopefully for you too we really
appreciate your support and we'll see
you at the next event so you got to
receive her that well yeah my buddies
got it right outside no no no I just
hurt no no and you know my buddy no no
he's right there I could call him right
now and then i'm sure the back okay okay
okay I'm sorry